zh/en: add br notes to remind user of KMS TiKV encryption at rest (#2225)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/backup-to-aws-s3-by-snapshot.md

> **Note:**
>
> - After you upgrade the TiDB cluster from an earlier version to v6.5.0, you might find the volume snapshot backup does not work. To address this issue, see [Backup failed after an upgrade of the TiDB cluster](backup-restore-faq.md#backup-failed-after-an-upgrade-of-the-tidb-cluster).
> - To perform volume snapshot restore, ensure that the TiKV configuration is consistent in backup and restore. To check consistency, download the `backupmeta` file from the backup file stored in Amazon S3, and check the filed `kubernetes.crd_tidb_cluster.spec`. If this field is inconsistent, you can modify the TiKV configuration based on [Configure a TiDB Cluster on Kubernetes](configure-a-tidb-cluster.md).

> > - If [Encryption at Rest](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/encryption-at-rest) is enabled for TiKV KMS, ensure that the primary key is enabled during restore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If [Encryption at Rest](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/encryption-at-rest) is enabled for TiKV KMS, ensure that the master key is enabled for AWS KMS during restore.
```
master key: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/streams/latest/dev/permissions-user-key-KMS.html
